#Project Title: Scuffed Dino Game
Contributors: Joseph Mei, Timothy Young
Period: 1
Description:
This game emulates the Google Dino Run game but with extra functions to spice it up. There are the basic elements of a player located on the left side of the screen and obstacles randomly spawning on the right side that move towards the player, which the player jumps over. For our Scuffed Dino Game, however, we included 4 different obstacles for the player to avoid: regular cactuses, long cactuses, trees, and clouds. In addition to jumping, the player can also drop, enabling them to fall down quicker. This in turn allows the user to have more control over their gameplay. Like the Google Dino Run game, there is a score and highscore feature that is displayed on the top right of the screen, and the obstacles also speed up as the game progresses to make the game more challenging. To make the game more fun and interesting, we added random power-ups that spawn and give buffs and debuffs to the player, such as high-jumps, invulnerability, and drunkenness. We also have 3 different texture packs for the user to select from that will change the skins of the players and the obstacles, which include a Kawaii pack, a Pokemon pack, and a Minecraft pack. There is also a control screen that displays the controls and obstacles for the game.

Disclaimer:
All required libraries needed to run the game are already within the the repository, so users do not have to download anything after cloning the repository. The libraries used in this project are located in the data folder, which includes Papyrus-Regular-48.vlw and ColonnaMT-48.vlw.
